yo what's going on guys at your door and
shut ur fader come out the other top 10
worst YouTube comments
but yes really like the first one read
through a second one it tells us we've
got hello Hercules and he says your new
tattoo looks nice you've changed drain
ever since you moved out of your mom's
house last week you were acting like a
grown man please can you go back to act
on your teenager my mummy would never
allow me when my best friend Billy to
get a tattoo she would probably ground
me forever banned me from watching Power
Rangers does your mommy know you have a
tattoo
how could he not hide it from her she
loves you a lot I'm a good boy every day
usually just give me girls this comment
I don't want to finish it is the
weirdest most corrupt it's common that
this made me feel extremely
uncomfortable inside I don't fucking
work for you guys but it made me feel
really weird inside look look at the
entire hello Hercules the weird emoji as
his profile pic everything about this is
just wrong nice place I don't know why
that's gonna piss me off someone but we
got reach out he says okay what was even
the point of leaving a comment that is
the most pointless why like womp a face
we've got face raises like four boobs
dude like that's just gross dude boobs
come on seven fuck says that like that's
just awful I don't know why that I'm
probably not been that guy for my
channel that's just a stupid comment
insensitive you're stupid and you're
also in phase so that's even more stupid
episode we've got too lazy he says
brother who the fuck says pip pip
cheerio cut that was so funny because in
yesterday's video I was talking about
how I thought British people's lips
appear yella I knew a bunch of British
guys are gonna get bad about itself
simply we've got nano by breezes Lowell
rain you fuckin suck I'm glad I love
faze clan
never face seeing is how it's being
filled with scrubs like you even my
falls on Instagram laugh at how bad you
are how would that make some did I
mention that they're all girls who send
me nudes daily get the fuck out rain
you're bad
if you fan boys don't believe me 1v1 me
on my main account my name is the
realist on the rock yeah well your
Instagram followers are stupid and
you're stupid and the girls sending nude
you're stupid
so you're stupid bitch and if they
lookin got Cameron CX and he says what's
up guys - boy northern shit or phase
gable with a new top 5 gay people of the
way powered by Cisco gaming yeah this
one was a pretty clever comment I guess
you could say no it was stupid
before we've got Brendan rife and he
says wait give me $5,000 or I'll hack
you yeah no baby you can't hack me maybe
connect my YouTube to and my Twitter and
my Instagram and my vine and my uh you
know all my social medias maybe you
could even hack into my computer well
what you can't do is what you can't do
what's your PayPal and then number three
I've got Adrian burns and there's three
things wrong with this come on since
this go over this coming first he says
he'll ring you the best and I did your
girl so and you can already tell what's
wrong with a special but the first
estarán with this question is he starts
off with a compliment and he says I did
your girl's let's that's his two things
right there and it was posted about a
week ago
no celebratory bobby schmurder dancies
in jail right now and uh so this comment
was probably one of the only comments to
ever add she make me laugh non-stop and
we got anonymous snails and he says I
went to Walgreens yester which is like
kinda like a Walmart I said happy
holidays to the cashier said nothing
I look to Rend the eyes and I whispered
drink my ass
now I've laughed about this comment so
much that I can no longer laugh about it
but it probably went something like this
and whispered but that is fucking
hilarious he said drink my ass and the
number one spot I wonder you guys
fucking some rolled you get to slap
everything start a crazy drum roll and
the number one spot we've got the devil
the Beast the monster by chasing he says
sometimes when I'm home alone I like
this shit on my couch and pick it up
with my butt cheeks and drop it on the
toilet pretend I'm a dump truck you are
so twisted and so deranged and this
comment was the most fucked up comma
I've ever seen in my entire life but but
I'd be lying to you if I said and try
this out for myself
babies always enjoy the video via top
ten comments worst comments not really
of the week but you know st. shit but
I'll be able to do the video drop leg
it's one number three or different
variants like top 10 worst tweets or I
don't know something but then gets
watching the video I really do
appreciate think it's watching again
okay the great Christmas yesterday's
been going on shut her face rain I want
you guys to keep it real push